Site       http://www.benjerry.co.uk/

1. I hovered over Order Delivery on the top navigation bar
2. I clicked Order Delivery on the top navigation bar
3. Scrolled down to where it says, “Supermarket Delivery, Scoop Shops, Instant Deliver”.
4. I Clicked on "Instant Delivery" to see how I could order ice cream straight away
5. Scrolled down and saw that there were 7 different websites I could go to and order Ben and Jerry’s ice cream.

          UC2
1. Hover your cursor over the FLAVOURS item on the top navigation bar.
2. Click the "FLAVOURS" button on the top navigation bar.
3. Hover over and click on the ice cream you are interested 
in the dropdown list.
4. Scroll down to the place where it says: "ingredients +".
5. Click on "+" for information on ingredients.
6. All information of ingredients about ice cream will be displayed.
    UC 3
1. On the main page of the site on the navigation ribbon, hover the cursor over "ABOUT US".
2. Click on "ABOUT US".
3. In the dropdown list, hover your mouse pointer and click VIEW.
4.Ben & Jerry ice cream history is displayed.
    UC 4
1.Scroll down to the footer of the site where you will see CONTACT US. 
2. Click "CONTACT US" - information with phone numbers will be displayed.
        UC   5
1. Hover your cursor over the "Search Ben & Jerry's" item on the top navigation bar. 
2. Click on the "Search Ben & Jerry's" element. (see screenshot 1)
3. In the drop-down field, I entered the word "banana" and clicked on the search button. (see screenshot 2)
4. Banana search results will be displayed: 6 found. (see screenshot 3)
5. Move the cursor and click on "Recipe: Banana Ice Cream Bread, 3 Ingredients". (see screenshot 4)
Then a quick recipe is then displayed on a new page. (see screenshot5)
        
Displays the latest ice cream news, information, events and general Ben & Jerry euphoria. 
1. Hover your cursor over the "WHAT'S NEW" item on the top navigation bar. (see screenshot 6)
2. Click here "12 February 2021. QUIZ: Love Or Ice Cream?". (see screenshot 7)
A quiz is displayed with 10 questions that can be answered. (see screenshot 8)
3.  Scroll down to the place where it says:  "SHOW ME MY PERSONALITY!". (see screenshot 9)
4. Cklick here :  "SHOW ME MY PERSONALITY!".(see screenshot 10)



                      



